add: topic of discussion from Yash: making contributions (#75)
mdn/community-meetings: 2025-03-26/agenda.md

Questions from folks & anything to discuss

- [example] Discuss my interesting topic. See [link for more details](https://github.com/mdn/community-meetings) (@MyUsername)

> - [content] How to keep contributing around? General tips, material references to paste in chat, **curiosity** about learning from W3C, WICG, engaging with the community, and checking "help wanted" issues. ([@yashrajbharti](https://github.com/yashrajbharti))

Reviewer: I think your supposed to keep the link to the meeting agenda 
```suggestion
- [content] How to keep contributing around? General tips, material references to paste in chat, **curiosity** about learning from W3C, WICG, engaging with the community, and checking "help wanted" issues. See [link for more details](https://github.com/mdn/community-meetings)(@yashrajbharti)
```

> - [content] How to keep contributing around? General tips, material references to paste in chat, **curiosity** about learning from W3C, WICG, engaging with the community, and checking "help wanted" issues. ([@yashrajbharti](https://github.com/yashrajbharti))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [content] How to keep contributing? General tips, resources to share in chat, fostering curiosity about learning from W3C and WICG, engaging with the community, and checking "help wanted" issues. ([@yashrajbharti](https://github.com/yashrajbharti))
```
